The purpose of this document is for me to reflect about thoughts I have during the development
of this project, thoughts that sometimes would come and go without giving them the appropriate
thought. 
The idea is that if I have a document where I write this down I will get in the habit 
of bringing these ideas to light, and reflect more seriously about them, potentially finding flaws
in my thought process or on the methods that I am using to solve problem. 
Additionally, writing these down will, hopefully, help me express myself more clearly with the 
exact words I want instead of some half-assed wording like it happens when I just think about something.


Things that I should have used:

* namespaces - at the time I am writing this, the project has 39 c++ code files, and not using namespaces
    to define to which domain each class belongs to is starting to be a problem, since it is being hard to track
    if 2 concepts that I am trying to make communicate with each other should even be communicating (either directly
    referencing each other or indirectly throught some intermediate layer). Grouping concepts in namespaces would make this
    easier to understand since I would been faced with the questions: "should these 2 namespaces know about each other?", 
    and it would make it easier to track dependencies a given namespace would have on another and if those dependencies made sense.

  Material to help solve this: Reread Code Complete chapter related with domain separation  


* class interaction diagrams - in relation with the point about using namespaces, a problem that I had in some points of
    the development was feeling like I lost track of what classes were depending on other classes and if each class was
    depending strictly on classes that it should. 
    Sometimes I added communication between classes that were not intended to communicate (directly at least) because
    I did not think throughly about the communication needed between classes for a given solution, 
    and since I was so far down the rabbit hole I just hacked it.

  Material to help solve this: Check if VS has some tool/extension to help create diagram classes with connections 
    between the classes of a project in a richer way than their default 'Class Diagram' does.

Things that are not correct:

* independent order of destruction of Components - The 'Component's on a 'GameObject' are being deleted by the reverse
    order in which they were added. 
    The elements of a vector (data structure I am using to hold the callback functions of an event) are deleted in 
    the order they were created. I assumed this order  would be the sameas the order of destruction of the
    member variables of an instance of a class: reversed from their declaration.
    So, everywhere I was listing all of the 'Components' a 'GameObject' had, I was doing so making sure that 'Component's
    that were triggering events were created first, to make sure the other 'Component's using these events could successfully
    unregister on deletion, but alas, this was wrong. 
    To remedy the situation I made sure that the destruction of the vector was done in reversed order, but this is by no means
    a good solution. Ideally the order of destruction should not affect unregistering from events. This is another problem of 
    the way I implemented the events.